Victor (#6)
AllisonOge/electromagnetism-and-antenna-theory-v2-1: TeX_files/chapter10.tex

\end{enumerate}
For short circuits, we identify the exact location of minimum voltage by the standing wave, which becomes our origin for the unknown load impedance measurement of $l_{min}$.

> Hence the superposition of the load standing wave pattern on the short circuit standing wave is shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence the superposition of the load standing wave pattern on the short circuit standing wave is shown in figure~\ref{fig:group10diagram2}.
```

\begin{figure}[h]
\centering

> \includegraphics[width=1\linewidth]{./graphics/group10diagram2}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\includegraphics[width=1\linewidth]{./graphics/group10diagram2}\label{fig:group10diagram2}
```
